Virtual Tester Bridge Project Description
I am building a C++ Application in Linux using DPDK. I want your help in implementing the header files (.h) and Implementation files (.cpp) based on the description of each classes I provide in the following texts.
The project will have the following classes
1.	Logger
2.	Messenger
3.	Command line Parser
4.	Configuration Manager
5.	Vhost Controller
6.	Port Controller
7.	Port Handler
I have already implemented the following classes
1.	Logger
2.	Messenger
3.	Command line Parser
4.	Configuration Manager
5.	Vhost Controller
I will attached the headers and implementaiton files of the above 5 classes. I want help in implementing the other classes.
Port Controller will be abstract class. The following classes will be derived from the Port Controller interface class.
1.	Local Controller
2.	Emulation Controller
Port Handler will be abstract class. The following classes will be derived from the Port Handler interface class
1.	Local Keysight IxVerify
2.	Local Spirent TestCenter
3.	Local aidc
4.	Local Virtual Machine
5.	Emulation Keysight IxVerify
6.	Emulation Spirent TestCenter
7.	Emulation aidc
8.	Emulation Virtual Machine
Now let me describe the classes one by one
Port Controller Class:
1.	This will be abstract class.
2.	This class should have the following functions. I don’t want these functions to be accessible for a user.
a.	Create controller events
b.	Monitor controller events
3.	This class should have a thread called epoll worker
4.	The monitor controller events function will start the epoll worker thread
5.	There should be a start function which will call the create and monitor controller events in sequence
Local Controller Class:
1.	This class will be derived from the port controller interface class
2.	Create empty definition of the base class functions
Emulator Controller Class:
1.	This class will be derived from the port controller interface class
2.	Create empty definition of the base class functions


 
Port Handler Class:
1.	This will be interface class.
2.	This class should have 2 threads
a.	Transmit thread
b.	Receive thread
3.	This class should have the following functions. I don’t want these functions to be accessible for a user. These functions will be called by the transmit thread in the following sequence.
a.	Dequeue packets
b.	Extract metadata
c.	Decode metadata
d.	Act on metadata
e.	Create port metadata
f.	Write packets
4.	This class should have the following functions. I don’t want these functions to be accessible for a user. These functions will be called by the receive thread in the following sequence.
a.	read packets
b.	Extract metadata
c.	Decode metadata
d.	Act on metadata
e.	Create vm metadata
f.	enqueue packets
5.	This class should have a start function that will start both the transmit and receive threads.
6.	The following classes will be derived from the port handler class. Create empty definition of the base class functions.
a.	Local Keysight IxVerify
b.	Local Spirent TestCenter
c.	Local aidc
d.	Local Virtual Machine
e.	Emulation Keysight IxVerify
f.	Emulation Spirent TestCenter
g.	Emulation aidc
h.	Emulation Virtual Machine
